Update issue templates (#54)
pinecone-io/go-pinecone: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: "[Bug] "
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**Is this a new bug?**

> In other words: Is this an error, flaw, failure or fault? Please search issues to see if someone has already reported the bug you encountered. 

Reviewer: I'd specify "please search **github** issues" just to be explicit

Reviewer: I'd also ask them to search the community forum for issues

> In other words: Is this an error, flaw, failure or fault? Please search issues to see if someone has already reported the bug you encountered. 

Author: ```suggestion
In other words: Is this an error, flaw, failure or fault? Please search Github issues and check our [Community Forum](https://community.pinecone.io/) to see if someone has already reported the bug you encountered. 
```

If this is a request for help or troubleshooting code in your own Pinecone project, please join the [Pinecone Community Forum](https://community.pinecone.io/).

- [ ] I believe this is a new bug

> - [ ] I have searched the existing issues, and I could not find an existing issue for this bug

Reviewer: "github issues"

Reviewer: + I'd add community forum issues

> - [ ] I have searched the existing issues, and I could not find an existing issue for this bug

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have searched the existing Github issues and Community Forum, and I could not find an existing post for this bug
```

**Describe the bug**
Describe the functionality that was working before but is broken now.

**Error information**
If you have one, please include the full stack trace here. If not, please share as much as you can about the error.

**Steps to reproduce the issue locally**
Include steps to reproduce the issue here. If you have sample code or a script that can be used to replicate this issue, please include that as well (including any dependent files to run the code).  

> **Environment**

Reviewer: I'd add here that it'd be helpful to know what operating system they're working on
